No, really not.
They are spreading rumors
Flies don't bite seamlessly
The photo is already here.
Do you think I'm blind?
Let go of a dirty woman like you
I feel dirty even if I touch it.
You think I'm dirty?
Yes, get out of Xi Shi Group
And don't let me see you again
Stop
Summer Lily, we used to be good sisters
Why do you always do this to me?
Who are your good sisters?
I'm just for the position of the young lady of the Qi family
What the hell are you?
It's the young lady of the Xi family, I can't afford it
Then can't I stay away from you?
Just pretend like you
You can hide it from others, and you can hide it from me
I advise you to save it
Xi Shao is not interested in you
Besides, on this occasion today
It's not for people like you to come
Governor Xuanyuan invited me here today
Toad wants to eat swan meat
Today, the governor obviously invited me
You are also worthy of me not talking nonsense
Bitch dare to be stubborn
I really thought Xi Shao gave you this dress
You can turn a sparrow into a phoenix
Take off his skirt for me
See how arrogant he is
This dress is not a seat
This skirt is not
You you let me go
Is it all foxes?
Is it them?
Is it their mother?
30 cents and 40 cents, look
This mommy is being bullied